This browser is no longer supported.
Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
Share via
Phones for Microsoft Teams
In this article
Microsoft Teams supports a portfolio of desk phones for users who require a traditional phone experience. This article provides a complete overview of Teams phones and can help in planning, delivering, and managing Microsoft Teams phones as part of your Microsoft Phone System solution.
To deliver a high-quality and reliable Microsoft Teams experience on phones, we are partnering and actively working with Yealink, Crestron, Polycom, and Audiocodes to develop and certify a wide portfolio of desk phones and conference room audio devices. To get the latest and up-to-date information on Teams devices, go toTeams Marketplace.
To manage phones, you need to be a Global admin, Teams Service admin, or Teams Device admin. For more information about admin roles, seeUse Microsoft Teams administrator roles to manage Teams.
Features supported by Teams phones
Teams-certified phones have a broad array of features to help your users do their jobs, and help you manage their use. Here's a summary of the features available in Teams-certified phones:
AuthenticationPhones use Modern Authentication to simplify signing in and to improve security. Users can sign in by entering their username and password on the phone or by signing in from another device like PC/smartphone.
Speed dial and call historyUsers have quick access to their contacts, call history, and voicemail. They can easily manage their contacts and speed dial entries directly from their phone.
Meetings and callsUsers can view their schedules and easily join meetings using Teams' one-touch join.
Call groupsPhone agents who participate in call groups can easily manage their availability and accept or decline incoming calls from the call queue.
User delegationExecutive assistants and admins can manage their executives' phones - intercept incoming calls; make calls on behalf of the executive; take over calls that the executive has placed on hold; and monitor whether the executive is on a call, on hold, and so on.
Hot deskingUsers can get their contacts, meetings, and other preferences, just by signing into a phone. When they're done, they can sign out and leave the phone ready for the next user.
VideoPhones with video support let users join calls and video conferences just like they were at their computers. Users can keep their privacy by using a phone's camera shutter and microphone mute switch when available.
Better togetherPhones can lock and unlock in an integrated fashion when connected to their Windows PC running a 64-bit Teams desktop client.
AccessibilityPhones have several accessibility features, such as high contrast text, to make it easier for anyone to use them.
Dynamic and enhanced E911 supportSigned-in users who call 911 will see their location on the phone.
Important
If a phone isn't signed in, or if it doesn't have an Internet connection, 911 calls can't be placed. If this happens, a notification is displayed on the phone.
In addition to the above features, you can control what capabilities are available depending on the type of license and phone policy that are assigned to the user signing into the phone. For example, users who sign into a phone with their personal accounts can access the full range of features - calling, meetings, voicemail, and so on. Accounts assigned aMicrosoft Teams Shared Deviceslicense that sign into a phone, however, may only get access to a limited range of features; call history and meeting schedules may not be retained, for example, to protect users' privacy.
Required licenses
Teams licenses can be purchased as part of theirMicrosoft 365 and Office 365 subscriptions. To learn more about the required licenses for using Teams on phones, see availablephone system licenses.
For more information about getting Teams, check outHow do I get access to Microsoft Teams?
Important
Microsoft Teams Rooms Basiclicenses aren't supported on and won't work with Teams Phone devices. An account with a Basic license assigned will be blocked from sign in.
Deploy your phones using Intune
To learn more about how to deploy Teams displays using Intune, seeDeploy Teams phones and Teams displays.
Manage your phones
Manage and keep your Teams phones up-to-date using the Microsoft Teams admin center. For more information, seeManage your devices in Teams.
Upgrade your phones to Teams displays
Microsoft Teams displaysare a category of all-in-one dedicated Teams devices that feature an ambient touchscreen. With Teams displays, users can use a microphone, camera, and speakers (or Bluetooth headset) for a reliable calling and meeting experience. Teams displays integrates with users' Windows PCs to bring a companion experience that allows for seamless cross-device interaction.
See also
Teams Marketplace
IP phones certified for Microsoft Teams
Feedback
Was this page helpful?
Feedback
Coming soon: Throughout 2024 we will be phasing out GitHub Issues as the feedback mechanism for content and replacing it with a new feedback system. For more information see:https://aka.ms/ContentUserFeedback.
Submit and view feedback for
Additional resources
Additional resources
In this article
